in 1930 the automobile industry
search for making a popular car
that could be acquired by all
a car of the people and is poorly used today
with the name of 11 is if you had one
design a car with tubular structure
refrigerated independent suspension
and phase Bonn the concept of Gaza
but who took to a production in
series and have been suspected engine
the sport has been teaching her sport is a
excellent almost all were rescued
but it seems that the concept is the
goose that obstinately
worked on a route they wanted to see
Basque production something like the
last other plants so far was
that the car should be built
then of the people I fell into 33
girls a car show in berlin
its model the superior state and rain that
Immediate book only because of its design
and low production
the story in the photo that same year
and appropriates the gas project
she attributes to the officially launched possession
in 35 it cost 990 ill because a little more
of 1,300 reais in 1938 these cars were
1995 engine produced with no data and
19 channels in 39 the engine generates from 1111 in
data and 26 was without them I sat
a new plant to
first series production but I know
this woman
flu that turned out to be a vehicle
military as he spoke at the time capable of
carrying three soldiers in the gun
end of the second war to fab the cloud
was practically narrow and very
little story says brave car not
ends there and banrisul major english
resumed the manufacture of the tax
of the original projects recovered from
schools the old factory and 53 0 voted in
Brazilian lands and in 50
first fully manufactured volkswagen
in Brazil
already with me the rest turned on 77 only
counting changing engine pass to 1300
with 46 horses in place of the
of 36
its electrical system is already 12 books
by that time it already had acceptance of 90%
Brazilian and American public
in 1970 the most powerful version with
1,500 engine learns from the discussion and
later with 1607 works like the
publication of 293 thousand units at 34
was undoubtedly a great success and
so it was until 86 when at least
temporarily its production
interrupted and resumed only 93
at the request of the president franklin
when everyone distrusted his
their sales were more than
40 thousand new units and
physics were sold
the part that only for some production in
1995 leaving the ratio of fans of these 4 60
years of history
but in 2003
behold the new beacon arises not a new
proposal of the gas flow completely
reformulated
it is worth remembering that in 2003 it was released in
in vitro was an attempt to
recognition but actually ended up
conquering the public much more
female
now ten years later a new generation
of space the new generation fusca continue
with the new brighton logo the new fusca
in a super-sport footprint capable of
to please much more remarkable and
This will please women with shapes.
rounded
but as technology does not remember much in
old kitchen is equipped with a motor
of 200 works and two thousand displacements
and only maximum speed can reach up to
215 kilometers per hour
the car is equipped and technologically
finish me out the same models to the
who is tha group a free clothing to be
admired is the sound system made the girl
manufacturer of guitars and
amplifier comes equipped with the motor
It is a super sensitive the more you
read marques of the steering kit and how to
tiptronic transmission of six
speeds ensures the best car
Max was not asked the questions and also
stability control for when
You give that road in the tub.
your design is beautiful but you can stay
even more depending on its use
are various color combinations either
both internal and external, you can
order directly from the factory
good now just accelerate your new search
but if you are one of those who can not
straying from the old're pouquinha
is also just a matter of
style